what regulations exist with respect to validity of the contract?=1  should only one part of the work contract turn out null and void, this shall remain valid in the rest, and it shall be understood as completed with the appropriate legal precepts in keeping with the provision contained in number 1 of article 3 of this law. should the worker have been granted special conditions or compensations by virtue of considerations established in that part of the contract that is not valid, the competent jurisdiction which, upon the petition of a party, declares the nullity, shall make the due pronouncement on the subsistence or suppression of all or part of such conditions or compensations.
what rules govern the validity of the contract?=1  should only one part of the work contract turn out null and void, this shall remain valid in the rest, and it shall be understood as completed with the appropriate legal precepts in keeping with the provision contained in number 1 of article 3 of this law. should the worker have been granted special conditions or compensations by virtue of considerations established in that part of the contract that is not valid, the competent jurisdiction which, upon the petition of a party, declares the nullity, shall make the due pronouncement on the subsistence or suppression of all or part of such conditions or compensations.
what are the rules of the validity of the contract?=1  should only one part of the work contract turn out null and void, this shall remain valid in the rest, and it shall be understood as completed with the appropriate legal precepts in keeping with the provision contained in number 1 of article 3 of this law. should the worker have been granted special conditions or compensations by virtue of considerations established in that part of the contract that is not valid, the competent jurisdiction which, upon the petition of a party, declares the nullity, shall make the due pronouncement on the subsistence or suppression of all or part of such conditions or compensations.
what regulations exist with respect to demand of compensation by worker?=2  should the contract turn out void, the worker may demand the compensation corresponding to a valid contract for the work already done.
what rules govern the demand of compensation by worker?=2  should the contract turn out void, the worker may demand the compensation corresponding to a valid contract for the work already done.
what are the rules of the demand of compensation by worker?=2  should the contract turn out void, the worker may demand the compensation corresponding to a valid contract for the work already done.
what regulations exist with respect to jobs in common, group contracts?=1  should an employer assign a job in common to a group of his/her workers, s/he shall preserve their individual rights and duties.
what rules govern the jobs in common, group contracts?=1  should an employer assign a job in common to a group of his/her workers, s/he shall preserve their individual rights and duties.
what are the rules of the jobs in common, group contracts?=1  should an employer assign a job in common to a group of his/her workers, s/he shall preserve their individual rights and duties.
what regulations exist with respect to aid or assistant?=3  if a worker, in accordance with written agreement, associates an aide or assistant to his job, his/her employer shall also be the employer of this aide or assistant.
what rules govern the aid or assistant?=3  if a worker, in accordance with written agreement, associates an aide or assistant to his job, his/her employer shall also be the employer of this aide or assistant.
what are the rules of the aid or assistant?=3  if a worker, in accordance with written agreement, associates an aide or assistant to his job, his/her employer shall also be the employer of this aide or assistant.
what regulations exist with respect to aid or assistant?=3  if a worker, in accordance with written agreement, associates an aide or assistant to his job, his/her employer shall also be the employer of this aide or assistant.
what rules govern the aid or assistant?=3  if a worker, in accordance with written agreement, associates an aide or assistant to his job, his/her employer shall also be the employer of this aide or assistant.
what are the rules of the aid or assistant?=3  if a worker, in accordance with written agreement, associates an aide or assistant to his job, his/her employer shall also be the employer of this aide or assistant.
what regulations exist with respect to aid or assistant?=1  contracts for practicum may be signed with those who are in possession of a university degree, or intermediate or higher vocational training qualifications, or titles officially acknowledged as equivalent, authorizing them for professional practice, within the four years following the end of the pertinent studies, or six years in the case of handicapped workers, in accordance with the following rules
what rules govern the aid or assistant?=1  contracts for practicum may be signed with those who are in possession of a university degree, or intermediate or higher vocational training qualifications, or titles officially acknowledged as equivalent, authorizing them for professional practice, within the four years following the end of the pertinent studies, or six years in the case of handicapped workers, in accordance with the following rules
what are the rules of the aid or assistant?=1  contracts for practicum may be signed with those who are in possession of a university degree, or intermediate or higher vocational training qualifications, or titles officially acknowledged as equivalent, authorizing them for professional practice, within the four years following the end of the pertinent studies, or six years in the case of handicapped workers, in accordance with the following rules
what regulations exist with respect to aid or assistant?=1  contracts for practicum may be signed with those who are in possession of a university degree, or intermediate or higher vocational training qualifications, or titles officially acknowledged as equivalent, authorizing them for professional practice, within the four years following the end of the pertinent studies, or six years in the case of handicapped workers, in accordance with the following rules
what rules govern the aid or assistant?=1  contracts for practicum may be signed with those who are in possession of a university degree, or intermediate or higher vocational training qualifications, or titles officially acknowledged as equivalent, authorizing them for professional practice, within the four years following the end of the pertinent studies, or six years in the case of handicapped workers, in accordance with the following rules
what are the rules of the aid or assistant?=1  contracts for practicum may be signed with those who are in possession of a university degree, or intermediate or higher vocational training qualifications, or titles officially acknowledged as equivalent, authorizing them for professional practice, within the four years following the end of the pertinent studies, or six years in the case of handicapped workers, in accordance with the following rules
what regulations exist with respect to contract duration for training contracts?=1 b the contract duration may not be less than six months or more than two years, within the limits of which the national sectoral collective bargaining agreements, or, in their absence, the sectoral collective bargaining agreements of lesser scope, may determine the duration of the contract, considering the sectoral characteristics and the practicum to be performed.
what rules govern the contract duration in the context of training contracts?=1 b the contract duration may not be less than six months or more than two years, within the limits of which the national sectoral collective bargaining agreements, or, in their absence, the sectoral collective bargaining agreements of lesser scope, may determine the duration of the contract, considering the sectoral characteristics and the practicum to be performed.
what regulations exist with respect to contract duration for training contracts?=1 c no worker may be hired for practicum in the same or in a different company for a period superior to two years by virtue of the same qualification.
what rules govern the contract duration in the context of training contracts?=1 c no worker may be hired for practicum in the same or in a different company for a period superior to two years by virtue of the same qualification.
what regulations exist with respect to probationary period for training contracts?=1 d unless otherwise provided for in collective bargaining agreements, the probationary period may not exceed one month for practicum contracts with workers holding intermediate qualifications, or two months for practicum contracts with workers holding higher qualifications
what rules govern the probationary period in the context of training contracts?=1 d unless otherwise provided for in collective bargaining agreements, the probationary period may not exceed one month for practicum contracts with workers holding intermediate qualifications, or two months for practicum contracts with workers holding higher qualifications
what regulations exist with respect to compensation for training contracts?=1 e the workerõs compensation shall be that fixed in collective bargaining agreements for workers in practicum. by default, it cannot be inferior to 60 percent of the salary determined by the agreement for a worker assuming the same or an equivalent work post during the first year, or 75 percent of this for the second year the contract is valid.
what rules govern the compensation in the context of training contracts?=1 e the workerõs compensation shall be that fixed in collective bargaining agreements for workers in practicum. by default, it cannot be inferior to 60 percent of the salary determined by the agreement for a worker assuming the same or an equivalent work post during the first year, or 75 percent of this for the second year the contract is valid.
what regulations exist with respect to prolongation of probationary period?=1 f if, at the end of the contract, the worker were to continue in the company, a new probation period cannot be contracted. the duration of the practicum shall count towards determining seniority in the company.
what rules govern the prolongation of probationary period?=1 f if, at the end of the contract, the worker were to continue in the company, a new probation period cannot be contracted. the duration of the practicum shall count towards determining seniority in the company.
what are the rules of the prolongation of probationary period?=1 f if, at the end of the contract, the worker were to continue in the company, a new probation period cannot be contracted. the duration of the practicum shall count towards determining seniority in the company.
what regulations exist with respect to prolongation of probationary period?=1 f if, at the end of the contract, the worker were to continue in the company, a new probation period cannot be contracted. the duration of the practicum shall count towards determining seniority in the company.
what rules govern the prolongation of probationary period?=1 f if, at the end of the contract, the worker were to continue in the company, a new probation period cannot be contracted. the duration of the practicum shall count towards determining seniority in the company.
what are the rules of the prolongation of probationary period?=1 f if, at the end of the contract, the worker were to continue in the company, a new probation period cannot be contracted. the duration of the practicum shall count towards determining seniority in the company.
what regulations exist with respect to prolongation of probationary period?=2  training contracts are intended for the purpose of acquiring the theoretical and practical training necessary for the proper exercise of a trade or a work post requiring a certain degree of qualification, and shall be governed by the following rules
what rules govern the prolongation of probationary period?=2  training contracts are intended for the purpose of acquiring the theoretical and practical training necessary for the proper exercise of a trade or a work post requiring a certain degree of qualification, and shall be governed by the following rules
what are the rules of the prolongation of probationary period?=2  training contracts are intended for the purpose of acquiring the theoretical and practical training necessary for the proper exercise of a trade or a work post requiring a certain degree of qualification, and shall be governed by the following rules
what regulations exist with respect to prolongation of probationary period?=2  training contracts are intended for the purpose of acquiring the theoretical and practical training necessary for the proper exercise of a trade or a work post requiring a certain degree of qualification, and shall be governed by the following rules
what rules govern the prolongation of probationary period?=2  training contracts are intended for the purpose of acquiring the theoretical and practical training necessary for the proper exercise of a trade or a work post requiring a certain degree of qualification, and shall be governed by the following rules
what are the rules of the prolongation of probationary period?=2  training contracts are intended for the purpose of acquiring the theoretical and practical training necessary for the proper exercise of a trade or a work post requiring a certain degree of qualification, and shall be governed by the following rules
what regulations exist with respect to collective bargaining agreements for training contracts?=2 b state-wide sectoral collective bargaining agreements or, in their absence, sectoral collective bargaining agreements of lesser scope, shall make it possible to establish the maximum number of these contracts to be signed as well as the work posts subject to them, depending on the size of the work force. likewise, company collective bargaining agreements may establish the maximum number of contracts to be signed depending on the size of the work force, should a corporate training plan exist. should the collective bargaining agreements referred to in the preceding paragraphs not determine the maximum number of contracts that each company can sign depending on its work force, the said number shall be that determined by regulations.
what rules govern the collective bargaining agreements in the context of training contracts?=2 b state-wide sectoral collective bargaining agreements or, in their absence, sectoral collective bargaining agreements of lesser scope, shall make it possible to establish the maximum number of these contracts to be signed as well as the work posts subject to them, depending on the size of the work force. likewise, company collective bargaining agreements may establish the maximum number of contracts to be signed depending on the size of the work force, should a corporate training plan exist. should the collective bargaining agreements referred to in the preceding paragraphs not determine the maximum number of contracts that each company can sign depending on its work force, the said number shall be that determined by regulations.
what regulations exist with respect to end of the contract for training contracts?=2 g at the end of the contract, the employer must hand the worker a certificate reflecting the duration of the theoretical training and the level of the practical training acquired. the worker may ask the competent public administration authorities to issue the pertinent certificate of professional aptitude, subject to the necessary tests.
what rules govern the end of the contract in the context of training contracts?=2 g at the end of the contract, the employer must hand the worker a certificate reflecting the duration of the theoretical training and the level of the practical training acquired. the worker may ask the competent public administration authorities to issue the pertinent certificate of professional aptitude, subject to the necessary tests.
what regulations exist with respect to compensation for training contracts?=2 h the compensation of the worker contracted for training shall be that set forth in the collective bargaining agreement. in no case may this be inferior to the minimum wage in proportion to actual working time.
what rules govern the compensation in the context of training contracts?=2 h the compensation of the worker contracted for training shall be that set forth in the collective bargaining agreement. in no case may this be inferior to the minimum wage in proportion to actual working time.
what regulations exist with respect to protective action of the social security of the worker for training contracts?=2 i the protective action of the social security of the worker contracted for training shall include situations subject to protection and benefits, situations deriving from work accidents and professional illnesses, health assistance in cases of common illnesses, non-work accidents and maternity coverage, economic benefits due to temporary incapacity deriving from common risks, maternity, and pensions as its contingencies. likewise, s/he shall have the right to the coverage of the salary guarantee fund.
what rules govern the protective action of the social security of the worker in the context of training contracts?=2 i the protective action of the social security of the worker contracted for training shall include situations subject to protection and benefits, situations deriving from work accidents and professional illnesses, health assistance in cases of common illnesses, non-work accidents and maternity coverage, economic benefits due to temporary incapacity deriving from common risks, maternity, and pensions as its contingencies. likewise, s/he shall have the right to the coverage of the salary guarantee fund.
what regulations exist with respect to continuation in the company for training contracts?=2 j should the worker continue in the company at the end of the contract, the provisions established in section 1, paragraph f) of this article shall be applicable.
what rules govern the continuation in the company in the context of training contracts?=2 j should the worker continue in the company at the end of the contract, the provisions established in section 1, paragraph f) of this article shall be applicable.
what regulations exist with respect to failure of fullfillment of obligations by employer for training contracts?=2 k the training contract shall be presumed of common or ordinary character should the employer fail to fulfil the totality of his/her obligations as regards theoretical training.
what rules govern the failure of fullfillment of obligations by employer in the context of training contracts?=2 k the training contract shall be presumed of common or ordinary character should the employer fail to fulfil the totality of his/her obligations as regards theoretical training.
what regulations exist with respect to conversion of training contracts into permanent contracts for collective bargaining?=3  collective bargaining may establish compromises for the conversion of training contracts into permanent contracts
what rules govern the conversion of training contracts into permanent contracts in the context of collective bargaining?=3  collective bargaining may establish compromises for the conversion of training contracts into permanent contracts
what is a part-time?=1  the work contract shall be understood as part-time when the services are agreed on for a number of hours a day, week, month or year that is inferior to the working day of a comparable full-time worker. for the purposes of what is set forth in the preceding paragraph, a “comparable full-time worker” shall be understood as a full-time worker from the same company and work centre with the same type of work contract, performing an identical or similar job. if there is no comparable full-time worker in the company, the full-time working day defined in the applicable collective bargaining agreement shall be considered or, in its absence, the legal maximum working day.
how is a part-time defined?=1  the work contract shall be understood as part-time when the services are agreed on for a number of hours a day, week, month or year that is inferior to the working day of a comparable full-time worker. for the purposes of what is set forth in the preceding paragraph, a “comparable full-time worker” shall be understood as a full-time worker from the same company and work centre with the same type of work contract, performing an identical or similar job. if there is no comparable full-time worker in the company, the full-time working day defined in the applicable collective bargaining agreement shall be considered or, in its absence, the legal maximum working day.
what is understood by a part-time?=1  the work contract shall be understood as part-time when the services are agreed on for a number of hours a day, week, month or year that is inferior to the working day of a comparable full-time worker. for the purposes of what is set forth in the preceding paragraph, a “comparable full-time worker” shall be understood as a full-time worker from the same company and work centre with the same type of work contract, performing an identical or similar job. if there is no comparable full-time worker in the company, the full-time working day defined in the applicable collective bargaining agreement shall be considered or, in its absence, the legal maximum working day.
what is meant by a part-time?=1  the work contract shall be understood as part-time when the services are agreed on for a number of hours a day, week, month or year that is inferior to the working day of a comparable full-time worker. for the purposes of what is set forth in the preceding paragraph, a “comparable full-time worker” shall be understood as a full-time worker from the same company and work centre with the same type of work contract, performing an identical or similar job. if there is no comparable full-time worker in the company, the full-time working day defined in the applicable collective bargaining agreement shall be considered or, in its absence, the legal maximum working day.
what is a comparable full time worker?=1  the work contract shall be understood as part-time when the services are agreed on for a number of hours a day, week, month or year that is inferior to the working day of a comparable full-time worker. for the purposes of what is set forth in the preceding paragraph, a “comparable full-time worker” shall be understood as a full-time worker from the same company and work centre with the same type of work contract, performing an identical or similar job. if there is no comparable full-time worker in the company, the full-time working day defined in the applicable collective bargaining agreement shall be considered or, in its absence, the legal maximum working day.
how is a comparable full time worker defined?=1  the work contract shall be understood as part-time when the services are agreed on for a number of hours a day, week, month or year that is inferior to the working day of a comparable full-time worker. for the purposes of what is set forth in the preceding paragraph, a “comparable full-time worker” shall be understood as a full-time worker from the same company and work centre with the same type of work contract, performing an identical or similar job. if there is no comparable full-time worker in the company, the full-time working day defined in the applicable collective bargaining agreement shall be considered or, in its absence, the legal maximum working day.
what is understood by a comparable full time worker?=1  the work contract shall be understood as part-time when the services are agreed on for a number of hours a day, week, month or year that is inferior to the working day of a comparable full-time worker. for the purposes of what is set forth in the preceding paragraph, a “comparable full-time worker” shall be understood as a full-time worker from the same company and work centre with the same type of work contract, performing an identical or similar job. if there is no comparable full-time worker in the company, the full-time working day defined in the applicable collective bargaining agreement shall be considered or, in its absence, the legal maximum working day.
what is meant by a comparable full time worker?=1  the work contract shall be understood as part-time when the services are agreed on for a number of hours a day, week, month or year that is inferior to the working day of a comparable full-time worker. for the purposes of what is set forth in the preceding paragraph, a “comparable full-time worker” shall be understood as a full-time worker from the same company and work centre with the same type of work contract, performing an identical or similar job. if there is no comparable full-time worker in the company, the full-time working day defined in the applicable collective bargaining agreement shall be considered or, in its absence, the legal maximum working day.
what regulations exist with respect to distribution for part-time contracts?=b  the daily part-time working day may be continuous or separately distributed. where the part-time contract involves a daily working day inferior to that of the full-time workers and this is separately distributed, it shall only be possible to have a single interruption in the said daily activity unless otherwise provided for by the sectoral collective bargaining agreement or, in its absence, by an agreement of a lesser scope.
what rules govern the distribution in the context of part-time contracts?=b  the daily part-time working day may be continuous or separately distributed. where the part-time contract involves a daily working day inferior to that of the full-time workers and this is separately distributed, it shall only be possible to have a single interruption in the said daily activity unless otherwise provided for by the sectoral collective bargaining agreement or, in its absence, by an agreement of a lesser scope.
what regulations exist with respect to interruption of work for part-time contracts?=b  the daily part-time working day may be continuous or separately distributed. where the part-time contract involves a daily working day inferior to that of the full-time workers and this is separately distributed, it shall only be possible to have a single interruption in the said daily activity unless otherwise provided for by the sectoral collective bargaining agreement or, in its absence, by an agreement of a lesser scope.
what rules govern the interruption of work in the context of part-time contracts?=b  the daily part-time working day may be continuous or separately distributed. where the part-time contract involves a daily working day inferior to that of the full-time workers and this is separately distributed, it shall only be possible to have a single interruption in the said daily activity unless otherwise provided for by the sectoral collective bargaining agreement or, in its absence, by an agreement of a lesser scope.
what regulations exist with respect to interruption of work for part-time contracts?=b  the daily part-time working day may be continuous or separately distributed. where the part-time contract involves a daily working day inferior to that of the full-time workers and this is separately distributed, it shall only be possible to have a single interruption in the said daily activity unless otherwise provided for by the sectoral collective bargaining agreement or, in its absence, by an agreement of a lesser scope.
what rules govern the interruption of work in the context of part-time contracts?=b  the daily part-time working day may be continuous or separately distributed. where the part-time contract involves a daily working day inferior to that of the full-time workers and this is separately distributed, it shall only be possible to have a single interruption in the said daily activity unless otherwise provided for by the sectoral collective bargaining agreement or, in its absence, by an agreement of a lesser scope.
what regulations exist with respect to facilitation of access to professional training for part-time contracts?=4 f collective bargaining agreements shall establish measures to facilitate effective access to continuous professional training to part-time workers, so as to favour their progress and professional mobility.
what rules govern the facilitation of access to professional training in the context of part-time contracts?=4 f collective bargaining agreements shall establish measures to facilitate effective access to continuous professional training to part-time workers, so as to favour their progress and professional mobility.
what regulations exist with respect to conversion of full-time contracts into part-time contracts?=4 g sectoral collective bargaining agreements and, in their absence, agreements of a lesser scope, may, as applicable, establish requirements and specializations for the conversion of full-time contracts into part-time contracts where this is mainly motivated by family or training reasons.
what rules govern the conversion of full-time contracts into part-time contracts?=4 g sectoral collective bargaining agreements and, in their absence, agreements of a lesser scope, may, as applicable, establish requirements and specializations for the conversion of full-time contracts into part-time contracts where this is mainly motivated by family or training reasons.
what are the rules of the conversion of full-time contracts into part-time contracts?=4 g sectoral collective bargaining agreements and, in their absence, agreements of a lesser scope, may, as applicable, establish requirements and specializations for the conversion of full-time contracts into part-time contracts where this is mainly motivated by family or training reasons.
what is a work-at-home-contracts?=1  those contracts in which the work activity is done in the worker’s domicile or in the place freely chosen by this, without the supervision of the employer, shall be considered work-at-home contracts.
how is a work-at-home-contracts defined?=1  those contracts in which the work activity is done in the worker’s domicile or in the place freely chosen by this, without the supervision of the employer, shall be considered work-at-home contracts.
what is understood by a work-at-home-contracts?=1  those contracts in which the work activity is done in the worker’s domicile or in the place freely chosen by this, without the supervision of the employer, shall be considered work-at-home contracts.
what is meant by a work-at-home-contracts?=1  those contracts in which the work activity is done in the worker’s domicile or in the place freely chosen by this, without the supervision of the employer, shall be considered work-at-home contracts.
what regulations exist with respect to salary for work-at-home contracts?=3  the salary, in whatever form it is specified, shall be at least equal to that of a worker from an equivalent occupational category in the economic sector concerned.
what rules govern the salary in the context of work-at-home contracts?=3  the salary, in whatever form it is specified, shall be at least equal to that of a worker from an equivalent occupational category in the economic sector concerned.
what regulations exist with respect to probationary period?=1  a probationary period may be agreed on in writing, subject to the limits of duration which, as applicable, are established in the collective bargaining agreements. in the absence of a pact in the agreement, the duration of the probationary period shall not exceed six months for qualified technicians or two months for other workers. in companies with less than twenty-five workers, the probationary period shall not exceed three months for workers who are not qualified technicians. the employer and the worker are respectively obliged to perform the actions making up the purpose of the probation. the pact establishing a probationary period shall be null where the worker has already previously performed the same functions in the company under any contract modality
what rules govern the probationary period?=1  a probationary period may be agreed on in writing, subject to the limits of duration which, as applicable, are established in the collective bargaining agreements. in the absence of a pact in the agreement, the duration of the probationary period shall not exceed six months for qualified technicians or two months for other workers. in companies with less than twenty-five workers, the probationary period shall not exceed three months for workers who are not qualified technicians. the employer and the worker are respectively obliged to perform the actions making up the purpose of the probation. the pact establishing a probationary period shall be null where the worker has already previously performed the same functions in the company under any contract modality
what are the rules of the probationary period?=1  a probationary period may be agreed on in writing, subject to the limits of duration which, as applicable, are established in the collective bargaining agreements. in the absence of a pact in the agreement, the duration of the probationary period shall not exceed six months for qualified technicians or two months for other workers. in companies with less than twenty-five workers, the probationary period shall not exceed three months for workers who are not qualified technicians. the employer and the worker are respectively obliged to perform the actions making up the purpose of the probation. the pact establishing a probationary period shall be null where the worker has already previously performed the same functions in the company under any contract modality
what regulations exist with respect to end of probationary period?=3  once the probationary period has elapsed without withdrawal, the contract shall take full effect, with the period of the services rendered being included in the worker’s seniority. situations of temporary incapacity, maternity and the adoption or fostering of children affecting the worker during the probationary period interrupt the computation of the term, provided that agreement is reached between both parties.
what rules govern the end of probationary period?=3  once the probationary period has elapsed without withdrawal, the contract shall take full effect, with the period of the services rendered being included in the worker’s seniority. situations of temporary incapacity, maternity and the adoption or fostering of children affecting the worker during the probationary period interrupt the computation of the term, provided that agreement is reached between both parties.
what are the rules of the end of probationary period?=3  once the probationary period has elapsed without withdrawal, the contract shall take full effect, with the period of the services rendered being included in the worker’s seniority. situations of temporary incapacity, maternity and the adoption or fostering of children affecting the worker during the probationary period interrupt the computation of the term, provided that agreement is reached between both parties.
